2.4 blog post (#11457)
prettier/prettier: website/blog/2021-09-05-2.4.0.md

  /** @type {import('styled-components').ThemedStyledFunction<'div',null,{overlap: boolean}>} */
  (styled.div)`
    position:   fixed;
  color: red;
  `;

// Prettier 2.4
const StyledComponent =
  /** @type {import('styled-components').ThemedStyledFunction<'div',null,{overlap: boolean}>} */
  (styled.div)`
    position:   fixed;
  color: red;
  `;

// Prettier 2.3
const StyledComponent =
  /** @type {import('styled-components').ThemedStyledFunction<'div',null,{overlap: boolean}>} */
  (styled.div)`
    position: fixed;
    color: red;
  `;

```

#### Count correctly regex literals in method chain arguments ([#11299](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/11299) by [@sosukesuzuki](https://github.com/sosukesuzuki))

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
// Input
foo1(/𠮟𠮟𠮟/).foo2(bar).foo3(baz);

foo1(/叱叱叱/).foo2(bar).foo3(baz);

// Prettier 2.3
foo1(/𠮟𠮟𠮟/)
  .foo2(bar)
  .foo3(baz);

foo1(/叱叱叱/).foo2(bar).foo3(baz);

// Prettier 2.4
foo1(/𠮟𠮟𠮟/)
  .foo2(bar)
  .foo3(baz);

foo1(/叱叱叱/)
  .foo2(bar)
  .foo3(baz);

```

#### Support hack-style pipeline proposal ([#11335](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/11335) by [@sosukesuzuki](https://github.com/sosukesuzuki))

> Support new [hack-style pipeline proposal](https://github.com/js-choi/proposal-hack-pipes). We chose `%` as the topic token, following the official explainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proposed [hack-style pipeline syntax](https://github.com/js-choi/proposal-hack-pipes) is now supported by Prettier. We are using `%` as the topic token, following the official explainer — although this may change in future releases as the proposal progresses.
```

> Also, [smart-style pipeline proposal](https://github.com/js-choi/proposal-smart-pipelines) is removed. See https://prettier.io/docs/en/rationale.html#disclaimer-about-non-standard-syntax for the rationale behind this decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of this change, support for the [“smart” pipeline syntax](https://github.com/js-choi/proposal-smart-pipelines) has been removed. See [our policy on non-standardized syntax](https://prettier.io/docs/en/rationale.html#disclaimer-about-non-standard-syntax) for the rationale behind this decision.
```

```js
// Input
const foo = fn() |> fn1(%) |> fn2(%);

// Prettier 2.3
SyntaxError: Unexpected token (1:25)
> 1 | const foo = fn() |> fn1(%) |> fn2(%);
    |                         ^
  2 |

// Prettier 2.4
const foo = fn() |> fn1(%) |> fn(%);

```

### TypeScript

> #### Fix formatting intersection types that includes mapped types ([#11247](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/11247) by [@sosukesuzuki](https://github.com/sosukesuzuki))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Fix formatting intersection types that include mapped types ([#11247](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/11247) by [@sosukesuzuki](https://github.com/sosukesuzuki))
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```ts
// Input
type Example = {
  [A in B]: T;
} & {
  [A in B]: T;
};

// Prettier 2.3
type Example = {
  [A in B]: T;
} &
  {
    [A in B]: T;
  };

// Prettier 2.4
type Example = {
  [A in B]: T;
} & {
  [A in B]: T;
};

```

### Flow

> #### Print leading semi before Flow variance sigils ([#11398](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/11398) by [@noppa](https://github.com/noppa))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Always put a semicolon before Flow variance sigils ([#11398](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/11398) by [@noppa](https://github.com/noppa))
```

I don’t use Flow but is there a more common name for this syntax than “variance sigils?”  That name sounds a little obscure for everyday usage.

Author: I don't use Flow too so I'm not sure if it's commonly used. But "variance sigils" is used in Flow Docs (ref: https://flow.org/en/docs/types/generics/#toc-variance-sigils)
